If you are thinking about getting a health insurance plan,
then this video is for
you.
[Music]
Because
after we get fixed and say we'll get one, the big question we have is
what plan should we take?  Don't worry about which company to
take a health insurance plan from
.  In this video, I will tell you what are the
best health insurance plans in the present, that is, in 2025,
I
will tell you only the top four plans. What are these
top four plans, their
features, benefits, etc. I will tell you all this in this video.
If you want to
take them at a discount, I will
also tell you how to take these plans with a discount of up to 25% in this video. So
watch this video till the end and if you have
not subscribed to this channel yet, subscribe now
.  I am your Kaushik,
remember that these top four are just my opinion,
my personal opinion,
take them directly, and do
n't do the rest, just do your
research.
If you look at the first one, it is Hefc
Argo Optima Secure, so if
you look here, the
name of the Hefc Argo insurance company is Optima
Secure plan, because there
are many plans in each insurance company.  In this video I will
tell you
about this plan in this insurance company. So in total,
the name of the plan is FC Argo Optima Secure.
Let's see the last three years' data
about the company. So, if the claim settlement ratio of this company
is calculated as an average for the last three years, the claim
settlement ratio is 98%, which is good. If
100 people apply for a claim,
this
company gives claims to 98 people in the last three years,
which is good. It should always be more than 90%. If
we look at the claim settlement ratio next, what is the included claim
ratio? This company
pays premium in the form of premium, right? If
100 pieces
are coming in the form of premium, 86, here is 86, 86 pieces of
claims, which means if 100 crores are
coming in.  It spends 86 crores on claims in one year,
which is good.
This unclaimed claim
ratio should be between 50% and 90%.
If this ratio is 100%, then it is also
bad. Suppose this company
gets 100 crores in a year. If the
company grows, runs, or makes
profits, then it should be
in the middle of 50% to 90%. This is also good.
86 and next one. If you
take care of network hospitals, even
now, there should be more network hospitals.
This company
has 13000 network hospitals across India. So if we are
admitted to a network hospital,
we do not need to bear the cost. The
insurance company
takes care of both hospitals because
this company has tied up with so many hospitals. Clear and
next one.  Complaints per 10,000
clients There are only seven complaints per 10,000 clients, which is very good, so
overall, all of this is
very good.  Next One Features So
if you look at this plan, it
offers coverage from 5 lakhs to 2 crores.
Sum insured means coverage and Next
One does not have a copay option. What is copay?
Many plans mention it, which means
20% copay.
Suppose we apply for a claim and the insurance company gives only 80%, the
remaining 20% ​​is yours to bear. There is no
such condition in this. There is
no option of actual copay. So for example, suppose a 5
lakhs expense is incurred in the hospital, the
insurance company will bear 5 lakhs.   There is no
problem with Socopay,
do you understand? And the main thing is that there is
no room rent limit.
What some plans do is that
some companies say that the room rent limit is
only 2000 per day.  For
example, you can't see this condition, you
took a room, it's good, the rent is 4000, do you
understand? You chose 4000,
but they set a limit of only 2000, which is
double. So what they mean is, at the
time of applying for the claim, sir, we
set a limit of only 2000, but you are in a
room with a rent of 4000, which means that
here we, our insurance
company, will bear 50% of the room rent. Here we are
bearing 50% of the room rent, but since
according to the rules, they
say that we will also bear 50% of the amount you have applied for the claim.   For
example, let's say the bill is 4 lacs.
So what they are saying is that
since we have borne 50% of the room rent, we will
also bear 50% of the whole claim, which means we will
only give you 2 lacs and you have to pay the remaining 2 lacs
yourself.  Understandably, there
are such conditions, which is why it is
very important to always check the room rent limit.  There is no limit in this plan. If
you don't have 10,000, you can
get 5000 or 6000, no matter which room you choose, if you climb.  This is Advantage
Next One No Disease Vice Sub Limit.
For example, some people say that even if they
say asthma as an example, the
insurance company will only cover 50,000 for asthma and
put a condition on it.   For
example, you have been admitted to the hospital
.  I had a minor surgery for asthma and it cost me
one lakh rupees, so since there is a limit, the
insurance company will cover 50,000 rupees.
We have to bear the remaining 50,000, but if you
look at it here, there is no sublimit for any disease,
do you understand? No matter how much it
costs,
they will bear the cost of treating that disease.
Asthma is just an example, but it
applies to everything.  So
there is no disease-wise sublimit here.
Next one is the consumables cover.
Consumables are syringes, needles,
gloves, masks,
bandages. Many plans do not pay a
single rupee for the cost of these consumables.
But if you look at this plan,
it will
also cover the cost of these consumables. Do you understand? For example, an
operation was performed and a
bill of 10,000 was charged for consumables. So if they did not
mention it, suppose there
is a consumables cover and we have to bear that 10,000 ourselves, but
they will bear it at home. Do you
understand? Because there is a consumables
cover as well.  Next One Home Care
Treatment for Egzampel Even if
you want to get the treatment at home,
they will bear the cost.  Another
main feature is 2x cover from day
one. For example, you have taken 10 locks coverage,
but the coverage you get is
20 locks. From day one, the
sum insured you have taken
is 2x coverage. If you take 10 locks, then 10 locks will be
your
coverage for 20 locks. This is the main advantage
and along with that, there is a one-time restoration
benefit. For example, if a
small accident occurs, it
becomes a big one. How much did it cost? 20
locks have been covered. Suppose you use these 20
locks and the
restoration will be done again. Only one time, you have
claimed 20 locks completely.
So again, only once in that year will 20
locks regenerate and
be restored.  That
only happens once.  In some plans,
for example, an accident
happened, 20 locks were used, another
accident happened,
20 locks were used, and 20 locks were used again. You can use it as many times as you want.
In some plans, however, there is
only one-time restoration
benefit. In some plans, there is no one-
time restoration benefit. Suppose you have used 20 locks, that's it. That's it.
Restoration will happen again next year. And if you
take care of the next one, there is a
cumulative bonus. This is an even bigger
advantage, as you get a 50% loyalty bonus.
For example, you have taken care of 10 locks
coverage.  This is the base
sum insured, so the first year is 10 lakhs,
so 2x coverage
means you have coverage of 20 lakhs.  Next
year, whether you claim or not,
we will get a 50% bonus.  That bonus is also
based on the base sum insured, so we've figured it out
.  50% will be added on this.
Here is the base 10 locks. I am
talking about the second year 10 locks
plus 50%, what is 50% on 10 locks, which
means 5 locks, so the total will be 15 locks.
Your base sum insured
will be 2x on this base sum insured, which means it will be 30
locks. So in the second year, if you add this 50%
loyalty bonus, your sum
insured, i.e. coverage, will be 30 locks
.  You can use up to 30 locks
.  And let's say that the next year, the third
year, another 50% comes in.
Here's how much the base is, 10 lakhs. This base
does not change.  10 lacs plus another 50% means
100% means how much is 10 lacs plus 10 lacs
20 lacs 20 lacs e 2x is common e
2 how much is 40 Do you understand that it will keep increasing like this and it will
only increase till it reaches 100%? Here it is, it is up to
100 and then it
stops and from the next year i.e. fourth year fifth year same
thing 40A will continue these two
years mostly first two years this
benefit loyalty benefit will
come to us do you understand that
base 10 you have seen 10
.  So you get 2x coverage from day one
.  If you choose 10,
you will get 20 coverage, so
this will be added from the second year onwards. That means the
cumulative bonus is also up to 100%
of the sum insured. In the first
year, 50% was added, and then this is what happened.
Another 50% has been added in the second year.
The limit is up to 100, so the
second year also has a 50% add-on.
That means 100 is complete, this is
done, then 40, and so on, so this is working
.  So, since there are so many benefits, let's look at the first one
and the second one,
Care Supreme. Let's
look at the last years' data of this company. If we
look at the average claim settlement ratio of the last three years, it is
already 90%. If 100 people apply for a claim,
90 people will get a claim.
According to the last three years' data, which is
good, 90%, and the next one is the
unclaimed claim ratio, which means that if
the company receives 100 crores, it
spends 59 crores on claims in a year
.  Which is fine, says it should
be in the middle of 50 to 90, and if you look at the Next One
network hospitals India-wide,
there are 11,400 network hospitals.  You can ask, for
example,
how many hospitals are there in our city, Kadapa,
or how many are there in Bhimavaram? I will tell you how to look at all of this
.  I will tell you how to look at it
and how much it costs,
how much is the monthly premium or if you pay it annually, I will also
show you practically how much the annual premium will be. In the middle of this video
and next one, complaints per
10,000 clients, 36
complaints are coming for 10,000 clients. Which is okay.
Now let's look at the main thing features.
Same insured means coverage from 5 lakhs to
1 crore
and along with that unlimited restoration is
also mentioned. So far, it is
only restoration once a year
but for this, unlimited for example,
you have checked a 5 lakhs coverage and it is complete
again.
5 lakhs is complete again.
This is how many times you
want, the restoration will continue to happen all the time.
And another thing is no room
rent limit. There is no room rent limit. It is
your choice. Will you stay in a 10,000 room or a
5000 room? So there are no
conditions and similarly, no
disease vice sublimit. There are no sublimits. There is no
copay. Do you understand that
these are three very good features and there
is a cumulative bonus of 50% up to
100. I said earlier that the bonus will be added and
that is also for this.
Yes, but it does not have 2x coverage. If you take
5 locks, the same amount you took from day one, then
5 locks will be added in the second year,
which means it will be added 50%.   Do
you understand that if this is how it works
and there are also wellness benefits,
what if you are given an AI fitness coach?
AI tells you to do this and do that and you will be
fit.
Suppose you are in good fitness and are doing all these things, walking, jogging, there
is an app called Care The. That app
tracks everything, step count, all
these things. So if you are in good fitness,
you can get a discount of up to 30%,
depending on the effects you are putting on fitness. Do you understand that if you
have seen the clear and next one, Nivea Bupa Aspire
Titanium Plus, here
the name of the Nivea Bupa health insurance company, the name of the Aspire Titanium
Plus plan, so this plan in Nivea Bupa is
good.  So if
we look at the last 3 years data as an average, the
claim settlement ratio is 91 which is
good, it should be more than 90 and if
we look at the incurred claim ratio, it is 57, which means if
100 crores are coming, then it
spends 57 crores on claims in the form of premium.
This company and Next One
network hospitals are 10,000 plus, which means they are
all India wide. If
we look at the complaints per 10,000 claims, it is 43, these complaints
are a bit high. Note that if we
look at it like this, everything is fine.
Now the features are First One
Maternity Cover for example, you
have taken a family floater health insurance plan.  This plan is a family
floater, meaning you and your wife have
taken it together. In that case, your wife will
also get maternity cover. This means there
is a nine-month waiting period. Suppose you
take it for 910 months after taking the plan. If
your wife gets pregnant after 910 months, the
maternity cover will come
within nine months. If she gets pregnant within
9 months of taking the plan, it will not
come because the
waiting period is nine months. There are some
plans that have a waiting period of nine months. Currently, there is
also a waiting period of four months. I will tell you
what those plans are. Don't
worry, so for this, the waiting
period is nine months. So, the
insurance company will bear the cost of whatever is spent during the delivery time
.  This is an additional advantage and
booster place. This feature is also there. For
example, last year you
could not claim a single rupee. You cannot apply for the original claim.
Whatever coverage you had last year will be
added to this year.
For example, you have taken 10 locks of coverage and
cannot use it. These 10 locks will be
added to this year's coverage. That means the total will be
20 locks. Do you understand the coverage?
Next lock the clock premium.
For example, today you
have taken the plan. Since your age is low, the
premium will also be low.
And as the years pass, the
premium will increase a little bit because there are
chances of our age-related diseases.
Therefore, it will increase a little bit
every year. But there is a feature in this.
Until you make your first claim, the premium will remain the same when you took this plan.
For example, you will pay the annual premium or monthly premium.
You can't make a single claim for five years, so even if
you take it for five years, the
premium will remain the same and will
not increase.  So for example, suppose you applied for a client and from
then on, you
understand that it will increase based on age.
So, this option is also there.  And day one
coverage for a newborn child, as I
mentioned here, there is maternity cover, and once the
baby is born, they get
coverage from day one.
I mentioned the Clear and Next One Unlimited Restoration Benefit, for example,
if you use 10 locks of coverage, the restoration will be
complete.  No matter
how many times you use it, the
restoration will be complete.  I understand,
now to tell you the main thing, there is another
plan.  Before talking about it,
how to take these plans with a discount of up to 25%,
how to find out how many network hospitals are there in our village?
You are already telling us in this video that there
are many more plans,
how to see them too, how to check their features. If you have any doubts, don't worry, the
link in the comments next to the description below is Policy
Bazaar. This is safe. Here,
we can compare 51 plans ourselves. In this
video, we will see only four
plans, but on the Policy Bazaar website,
we can compare 51 plans ourselves.
And if we compare them with the outside on this Policy Bazaar website, if we
compare them with the offline, we will
also get a discount of up to 25%. Do
you understand that there is
also claim support from their side.
For example, if
we take these plans through their platform, if we want to
apply for a claim in the future,
we will have support from their side. 30 minutes
claim support.  They will guide you on
how to apply for the claim,
so there is also this option.  If you want to get it,
click on the link in the comments next to the description below and it will
come up like this.  Here is the Policy
Bazaar website clearly mentioned here
.  They say that there will be a discount of up to 25% on top plans. Let's
open it in your name. Continue to
give the correct age. For example, if you are
giving 28, continue. This is the main one. For
example, you are in Hyderabad.
Click on Hyderabad. Here, are there any diseases? You must
definitely give it because there is a
waiting period for pre-existing diseases. It is up to three years, four years, and so on.
Some plans have
less.  So for example,
what do you not have here? Here is none of the above. Here is
already health insurance. Did your office give it to you?
Even if it gives it, it will
be less. So if you give it, yes. If not, no. Here is the view.
We
can compare 51 plans like this. For example, here is
Care. Here is Care. There are
eight plans. Do you understand. There are eight plans related to the Only Care company.
In this plan, we talked
about Care Supreme. Do you understand? And
for example, take Care.
Neevabupa. There are 13 plans in Neevabupa.
Here is what we talked about. There are
plans like this. So if
I told you about one of these plans, do
you understand? In this video, Star Star has six
plans. Aditya Birla has eight
plans. Hefc Argo has two plans.
IICI Lumbard has five plans.
Here is Argo's Optima
Select and  Optima Secure I have
talked
about Optima Secure before, here is a clear
mention of it, here is the plus 10 lakh
extra from day one, didn't I say
2x and for this we have
given network hospitals in Hyderabad, if you
look at network hospitals in Hyderabad, how many are there,
here is 540, check if there are these hospitals near your house or
not, check and
only then take it, I
mean I am not telling you to take this plan, I am saying that
you should compare this plan, there are
51 plans, I
have told you four plans and there are still gaps, if you
ask me, if you compare and
look at how much it will take for this age per year, if you
look at the age I said for this year, if you look at this age per year, this is what it will take for the
month, here is what we
can use monthly if we want,
how much is 1100 if your age is low and you are
not seriously ill, 400 500 it can
also be like this, if you look at
this plan as an example, here is
500 per  Do you understand the month
and there are some more, I said 680 443,
right? And if you look at some, 800 850
500, it is like this, 443. So if you
ask me, I said something blindly,
otherwise I said something blindly, otherwise I said that another influencer said it, so don't take it
blindly,
read it carefully. A to Z are here, compare like this. If you like it, compare it
here or take it outside. It's up to
you. But what
I'm saying is that whether you want to take it offline or
online, it's
important to
compare like this before taking it. Do you
understand? So here
you can also filter. Here you can
check if there is a room rent limit for which one there is a
room rent limit or not, if it is, it
will come first. If you like it,
you can click directly and add the add-ons if you
want.
Earlier I did not mention the one-offs but
here we can also add the one-offs.
Here is the
unlimited restoration benefit. I
told you that the restoration will be done only once.
If not, we can
also add the unlimited restoration benefit if we want. It will just
increase by 69. Do
you understand? So, we can add everything to our premium like this
.  If you
don't like it,
you can compare all the plans on the Policy Bazaar
website. Similarly, if you
are looking for a maternity plan, for example, you are a woman who has recently gotten
married and your
husband already has one, so if you
want to take it,
here is another link that includes maternity. It is
also below.  There is also another link below that
says "Health Insurance" and "Maternity."
Click on it.  If you click on it, it will
come up like this: Health
Insurance with Maternity Cover Female.
Since you are a female, you can click on it and provide the
information and
you can take it directly.
Some of these plans have a
short waiting period, i.e., if
not nine months, then one year. If not, they
start from a minimum of three months. You can
take it directly if you want. Do you understand? So at the end
of the day, you
need to compare. If you think you are an NRI, it will
ask you at the time of taking it.
If you think you are an NRI, then click on the NRI option and you can
take it.  So, since you are an NRI, you do
n't need to pay 18% GST.  If
you choose the annual plan instead of the monthly plan, you will
get an extra 5% discount.
You will get a total discount of up to 23% on health insurance plans.  If you want to
take it, you can do so
in the comments below the links in the description
.  Let's see what the last one is
.  If
you're looking for the Fourth One, then you'll want the Aditya Birla Active
One Max.  So
the name of the insurance company is Aditya Birla, the name of the plan is
Active One Max, do you understand? If you
look at the last three years, the
average claim settlement ratio is 95%
and the recorded claim ratio is 68%, which is good,
okay, and the network hospitals
India-wide have 12,000 complaints per
10,000 clients, 22 are okay,
so all this is fine, and let's see the features.
Sum insured means coverage, there are 5
locks and you can take up to 2 CR, as you
like, and along with that, there are health returns
up to 100%. They give you an app,
yes, the name is Active Health,
yes, so if you
do all these walking, jogging exercises,
you will get a discount, they will
track it, you will see how much discount you can get up to 100% through this app. You
need to pay money at the time of renewal.  It depends, it could be
20%, it could be 30%, it could be
10%, it could be 5% discount,
so if you do it well,
there is a chance of getting up to 100%.
There is a super reload option here, which means unlimited
restoration, right? Once it is complete, it will
keep restoring
and there is also a bonus.   I
told you that the bonus keeps getting added. For example, if you have made 10 purchases in the first year, from the next year onwards,
this bonus will keep getting added from the 10th second year onwards. Do
you understand that these
benefits are also available in this plan?  So at the end of
the day, I have one thing to say, it is
good that it does not empty our pockets.
Where do you get health insurance?
Before you take it, do your research and
inquiry well and only then take it. He
puts a small clause. He says that it is there, so
what do you do? Now,
before taking it, do not blindly take it by saying that people like us said. Do your
research and inquiry and
only then take it. Do you
understand? And the best
part about this policy bazaar is that after we give our information,
they will call us and we can
talk for free. They will not
charge any money. So if you say, "This is my requirement," they will
suggest it. If you like it,
take it. If not,
take it offline. If you like it, take it. So
if you want to take it directly, you can take it directly under the Policy Bazaar
link in the description or
in the comments. If you
give all your information and press proceed directly and make
payment, that's it. And the original
document means they will
send the document. For example, I took it from Care.
Imagine that the care people
send it to our house. The
money we pay is
not to the policy bazaar, the policy bazaar is just a platform.
For example, if you
choose care, your money goes to book care and the
care document comes to our house
.  This is just a platform, do you
understand? So they help
us with client support for providing this support
and in the discount,
many plans are being sold, so if you
compare with others up to 25%, you will
also get a discount.
So if you like this information,
tell me if you like it or
not. The Policy
Bazaar link is in the description in the comments below.
Thank you so much
for watching. Jai Hind
Boss Wala Be the Boss.